The opera, well now another thing I do about this, because between my grandfather, my grandmother,
my mother and my father, my mother's sister, Auntie Elena, sisters were thinking, oh there's
a great one because of the dressing up and so on, smart clothes and non-smart clothes,
and they were really into thinking of it all the time, and they were singing all the time.
I can remember then as the sergeant policeman in the Pirates of Penzance, oh and it was great,
we were singing those choruses and the songs for months afterwards, having learnt them from my uncle.
Did you ever perform in the operas? Oh yes. Well tell me about performing,
did you perform at the Coliseum? Oh tremendous excitement, yeah, we put in a tremendous amount
of time. And tell me what it felt like just to walk onto the Coliseum stage and perform?
Excitement, excitement galore. I can remember when acting in Patience, you were Patience,
the upper Patience? I told you then, Brass Elmint and everything, they were real swords,
they were real swords, full length sword, lashing away at one another, sword fighting,
and then of course the orchestra would strike up and we'd watch the conductor's face, whether he
was pleased or not, whether he could play from the orchestra, because he was already looked at
more than anything else, but the song was very good, very good, and we had some fine singers,
and tremendous ovations, tremendous ovations, and if you were a soloist and you warmed the heart of
the audience with a love song from someone in the operas, it would sound and it could go on and
go on and go on, and that's how, you couldn't have enough of it, it was marvelous. Then the Coliseum
was ringing to the rafters with the sound of the people cheering and clapping and stamping their
feet and doing everything to let the singers know that they'd gone down well.